[Music]
eight effective exercises that'll carve
your abs in 30 days one of the best ways
to reduce your risk of getting cancer
diabetes and heart disease is to focus
on your waistline yep you've heard right
folks
other than ensuring that your beach body
turns heads keeping your midsection
trimmed actually protect your health
according to a recent study published in
the scientific journal Circulation and
conducted by dr. Benjamin Levine
director of the Institute for exercise
and environmental medicine so here are
the top eight gut blasting exercises
that you can do from the comfort of your
own home all you'll need is just ten
spare minutes a day to perform this work
out you'll see visible results within a
week and you'll be mind blown by the
positive changes in your body especially
your waistline in just under a month so
get into your workout gear and let's do
this training the rectus abdominis we're
gonna start off by talking about the
rectus abdominis but while I tell you
what it is I want you to warm up for
today's exercises you can stretch your
limbs jog in place
do jumping jacks or turn on your
favorite song and bust a move
whatever it is just get your body moving
all right go on now so when people
generally think of a six-pack this is
the muscle that they're talking about
the rectus abdominis is positioned
between the ribs and the pubic bone at
the front of the pelvis this muscle can
be trained in two ways by bringing the
chest towards the pelvis by bringing the
pelvis towards the chest today's workout
will include both types if you're all
warmed up then let's start
one crunches crunches are a classic core
exercise for carving out the apps unlike
popular belief they don't actually get
rid of belly fat but what they can do is
tone the rectus abdominus and obliques
to do them
lie on your back on the floor or on a
comfortable mat bend your knees and put
your hands behind your head
lift your shoulders towards the ceiling
using only your ab muscles don't bring
your chest all the way to your knees
these are crunches not situps hold your
position when your shoulders are about
six inches off the floor then lower
yourself back down let's do 15 reps on
my count 15 14 13 12 11 10
[Music]
nine eight seven six five four three two
one
[Music]
if you're having trouble at first just
keep your mind focused on the results
your core muscles will tighten over time
giving you the six-pack you've always
wanted to v ups the ups are awesome at
training both the upper and lower
abdominals so if you have that annoying
little belly pouch well you won't much
longer to do them lie on your back with
your legs straight together and your
arms extend it above your head use your
abdominal muscles to simultaneously lift
your legs and upper body off the ground
try to touch your toes at the peak if
you can't it's okay just go up as far as
you can slowly bring your limbs back
down to the floor while keeping them
straight don't rush these it's too easy
to hurt your back while doing the ups so
take it slow and don't raise your lower
back off the mat as you bring your legs
back down don't forget to breathe either
your muscles need oxygen alright enough
talking do ten on my count ten nine
eight seven six five four three two one
and done great job
[Music]
three plank with knee twist planking is
basically a full-body workout in and of
itself abso Bleek's arms legs glutes you
name it but it's especially good for the
midsection to do it get into a straight
arm plank make sure that your hands are
right below your shoulders your body
makes a straight line and your stomach
doesn't sag towards the floor bring your
right knee up towards your waist then
rotate it out to the side hold it for a
few seconds and then bring it back in
place
if it helps imagine you're drawing an
invisible circle with your knee let's do
15 reps with your right knee 15
[Music]
fourteen thirteen twelve eleven ten nine
eight seven six
[Music]
five four three two one
whoo halfway there now 15 more with your
left knee 15 14 13
[Music]
twelve eleven ten nine eight seven six
five four three
[Music]
to one awesome we're almost halfway
through today's workout let's take
another short break go grab a drink of
water you deserve it
feel better good let's keep going for
roll ups roll ups strengthen the
abdominals while increasing flexibility
in the spine to do them lie on your back
with your arms and legs stretched out
lift your arms up and forward and use
your abs to slowly bring yourself up to
a seated position engage your abs again
to slowly lower yourself back down to
the starting position ready set go
ten nine
[Music]
eight seven six five four three two one
done great job was it hard if you really
engage your abs your spine will also
flex and it will be a lot easier if it's
too difficult at first you can always
put your hands on your thighs until
you're ready to do extended arm roll-ups
five plank hip dips this exercise is
ideal for beginners it's not too intense
but it does still give the ABS a good
workout to do them get into a forearm
plank your elbow should be in line with
your shoulders lift your butt towards
the ceiling make sure you use your abs
to do it squeezing them tightly to close
the distance between your ribcage and
hips lower your hips back down to the
initial position I'm ready when you are
so let's go 20
19 18 17 16 15 14 13 12 11 10
[Music]
nine eight seven six five four three two
one your six-pack is on its way
I know it six boat pose
aka navasana boat pose strengthens the
ABS legs and lower back among other
things to do it sit with your knees bent
and feet flat on the floor lean back a
little and lift your feet off the floor
extend your arms straight out in front
of you to the sides of your legs try to
keep your knees as straight as you can
with your body weight and balance
relying solely on your abdominal muscles
we'll do 30 seconds today but later on
you should try to hold this pose for one
minute straight let's go your time has
started try to concentrate on what each
part of your body is doing right now you
are building strength in your muscles
and improving your flexibility and
balance this pose also relieves stress
and improves organ function especially
the stomach intestines
kidneys and prostate for men it's said
to stimulate the thyroid to
[Music]
time's up
let's take a breather for a few seconds
just two more exercises left as that
second wind kicked in yet I hope so
because we're moving right along seven
windshield wipers this exercise is ideal
for strengthening your entire body
including
you guessed it your abs more
specifically your lower abs and obliques
to do them lie on your back with your
legs straight up in the air your hips
should make a 90 degree angle
strengthen your arms out to the sides
engage lower abs to slowly bring your
legs down to the left side raise them
back up to the initial position do the
same thing on the right side if
everything is crystal clear then let's
get a move on ten nine eight
[Music]
seven-six
five four three two one
wow you make a really good windshield
wiper eight mountain climbers mountain
climbers are an advanced high-intensity
exercise that will get your heart rate
up they're a great way to get some
cardio in every day to do them get into
a straight arm plank
remember those hands should be directly
below your shoulders now pull your right
knee up towards your chest as far as you
can switch and do the same thing with
your left knee don't forget that your
entire body should form a straight line
no hip tipping practice this movement a
bit once you feel more comfortable with
it try going a little faster you good
alright try to keep it up as fast as you
can for the next 15 seconds fifteen
fourteen thirteen twelve eleven ten nine
eight seven six five four three two one
and you my friend are done for today
of course this workout needs to become
part of your daily routine if you want
to rip taps at least start off with four
exercises of your choice each one should
be done for the amount of time stated
with a ten-second break in between if it
gets too easy with time add more
exercises or two sets of each what's
great about this workout is that you
don't need to go anywhere to do it you
don't need any special equipment and
it's totally free all you need is your
lovely self some motivation and
self-discipline and this video to guide
you
which exercise do you think is the most
effective do you know any other ab
sculpting workouts tell us in the
comments below
don't forget to click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life